Add "How to Release Code" wiki page (#453)
gamer-project/gamer: doc/wiki/How-to-Release-Code.md

## Major/Minor release
In this example, we release version `gamer-2.3.0`, and the previous version is `gamer-2.2.1`.

1. Create a new branch `v2.3.x`
2. Bump `VERSION` to `gamer-2.4.dev` in `include/Macro.h` at the `main` branch
3. Bump `VERSION` to `gamer-2.3.0` in `include/Macro.h` at the `v2.3.x` branch
4. Go to Release
[[/images/Release.png | alt=Release]]
5. Click `Draft a new release`
[[/images/DraftANewRelease.png | alt=DraftANewRelease]]
6. Create a new tag `gamer-2.3.0` and choose the target branch `v2.3.x`
[[/images/ChooseNewTag.png | alt=ChooseNewTag]]

> 7. Click `Generate release notes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Click `Generate release notes`; polish the content if needed
```

[[/images/GenerateReleaseNote_Major_Minor.png | alt=GenerateReleaseNote_Major_Minor]]
8. Add the release title `GAMER 2.3.0`
9. Click `Publish release`
[[/images/PublishRelease.png | alt=PublishRelease]]

## Maintenance release

> In this example, we release version `gamer-2.2.2`, and the previous version is `gamer-2.2.1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, we release version `gamer-2.2.2`, with the previous version being `gamer-2.2.1`.
```

> 1. Bump `VERSION` to `gamer-2.2.2` in `include/Macro.h` at the `v2.2.x` branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Bump `VERSION` from `gamer-2.2.1` to `gamer-2.2.2` in `include/Macro.h` at the `v2.2.x` branch
```

> 1. Bump `VERSION` to `gamer-2.2.2` in `include/Macro.h` at the `v2.2.x` branch

Reviewer: Do you think we should update `VERSION` before or after cherry-picking the needed commits?

Author: It should be done after cherry-picking. I have switched the steps.

> 2. Cherry pick the needed commits from the latest `main` branch to the `v2.2.x` branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Cherry-pick the necessary commits from the latest `main` branch into `v2.2.x`
```

> 3. Go to Release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Go to `Release`
```

[[/images/Release.png | alt=Release]]
4. Click `Draft a new release`
[[/images/DraftANewRelease.png | alt=DraftANewRelease]]

> 5. Create a new tag `gamer-2.2.2` and choose the target branch `v2.2.x`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Create a new tag `gamer-2.2.2` and select `v2.2.x` as the target branch
```

[[/images/ChooseNewTag.png | alt=ChooseNewTag]]

> 6. Click `Generate release notes`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click `Generate release notes`; polish the content if needed
```
